README.md, before:

Project Oracle
============

Project Oracle aims at a mash-up application which integrates together other applications such as Flowdock, Google spreadsheets and Pivotal Tracker.

Installation
------------
1. Clone the repository
2. Install Node.js
3. Create *config.js* to *Config* folder
For example:

        var fs = require('fs');
        module.exports = {
			sslOptions: {
				key: fs.readFileSync('./ssl/server.key'),
				cert: fs.readFileSync('./ssl/server.crt')
			},
			dbOptions: {dbname:'database', username:'user', 
		    password:'psw', options:{dialect: '<dialect>', logging: false}
		    }
        }
SSL can be turned off with config option *useSSL*.
4. Install and run locally by issuing commands

        npm install
        npm start
Alternatively you can deploy the application elsewhere.

Set NODE_ENV environment variable to "heroku" to deploy to Heroku.

[ ![Codeship Status for sampoto/projectoracle](https://www.codeship.io/projects/fc206f70-1ee3-0132-e461-5e9ca203bed1/status)](https://www.codeship.io/projects/35583)

Commit message:

Modularize app configuration
* Default values for configuration options
* Values for each different configuration specified in separate file

README.md, after:

Project Oracle
============

Project Oracle aims at a mash-up application which integrates together other applications such as Flowdock, Google spreadsheets and Pivotal Tracker.

Installation
------------
1. Clone/download the project
2. Configure the application using config file.
The used configuration file is determined by NODE_ENV environment variable. The configuration file path pattern is *config/config.[NODE_ENV].js*.
If NODE_ENV is not issued, the file is *config/config.development.js*.

 Configuration file example:

        var fs = require('fs');
        module.exports = {
			sslOptions: {
				key: fs.readFileSync('./ssl/server.key'),
				cert: fs.readFileSync('./ssl/server.crt')
			},
			dbOptions: {dbname:'database', username:'<username>', 
		    password:'<password>', options:{dialect: '<dialect>', logging: false}
		    }
        }
3. To install and run locally, issue commands

        npm install
        npm start
Alternatively you can deploy the application elsewhere.

Set NODE_ENV environment variable to "heroku" to deploy to Heroku.

[ ![Codeship Status for sampoto/projectoracle](https://www.codeship.io/projects/fc206f70-1ee3-0132-e461-5e9ca203bed1/status)](https://www.codeship.io/projects/35583)
